the tile an international furniture fair
2015 or TIFF 2015 has been held under
the concept of ASEAN smart living by the
department of international trade
promotion the Ministry of Commerce with
a primary aim to demonstrate Thailand's
capabilities to become the regional
furniture hub of ossian welcome to the
one-stop furniture event where visitors
delight in awe inspiring varieties of
distinctively designed furniture items
that cater to virtually all demands of
even the most discerning customers thai
artisans world-famous handicraft skills
have also been incorporated in creating
unique furniture items that are not only
impressively beautiful but also friendly
to the environment making thai furniture
items some of the most highly regarded
in the world in addition to a wondrous
array of beautifully designed furniture
items and innovations on display
visitors to tip 2050 also delighted in a
wide range of interesting exhibitions
and activities created to inspire great
design ideas they include te living and
exhibition on furniture specially
designed for condominiums design plan a
showcase of furniture created by a new
breed of budding designers young design
showcase a display of furniture items
designed by University students a
showcase of furniture specially designed
for the senior and DeMar an exhibition
on award-winning furniture the soup
small order ok program has also been
created to satisfy customers seeking
specially designed furniture in small
quantity all these elements have
contributed to making tif an event that
attracts more than 5000 importers and
buyers from around the world every year
and hip in Yankee a ponytail mini side
road in technical Africa report was in
kami my cannon mallu aunty p.m. immense
pain can pay for but then in a couple of
hops in Catalonia for deriving to
identify and she's near to me was
allowed me and Eddie talk of buca di
roma for some halo reach half of the
captain crack the tile an international
furniture fair 2050 or piff 2050 is an
important trade event that promotes
export of thai furniture products and
serves as a platform for thai furniture
makers to demonstrate their capabilities
to international potential buyers and
take their successes to a whole new
level the annual tip events have always
contributed significantly to thailand
economic growth see you again next year
at tip 2016 9 to 13 march 2016
challenger 2 & 3 impact moon khan tami
bangkok thailand world-wide-web thailand
furniture fair calm
huh